Microsquirt Transmission firmware license - 31 December 2014
============================================================

The Microsquirt Transmission firmware is copyrighted
2007,2008,2009,2010,2011,2012,2013,2014 James Murray
It is a commercial product. (i.e. it is NOT "open source")

Permission is given to use the compiled code ("S19" file) and accompanying
"INI" only on official Bowling and Grippo (B&G) MS2 based products - MS2
(Megasquirt-2) cards; Microsquirt v1, v2 or v3; Microsquirt module cards;
B&G 'GPIO' board.
MS2 cards are only licensed for use with Bowling and Grippo mainboards.
This license does not give permission to use the "S19" file on other
hardware or to use the "INI" file to tune other hardware.

For source code licensing see the source code license.

Permission is given to include the "S19" and "INI" files on CDs or other
distribution media accompanying the sale of offical B&G MS2 products,
kits or assembled systems ONLY in the case where this LICENSE file is
provided intact. Equally CD images or zip files provided on Megasquirt
vendors sites are permitted only when this LICENSE file is provided
intact.
For MS2 based product supplied with firmware pre-loaded, this LICENSE
must be provided in printed form.

No fitness for purpose or warranty is provided with the code. It is the
sole responsibility of the user to determine whether the code and system
is suitable for their intended application.

It is a condition of this license that you absolve, indemnify and hold
harmless the developers, resellers, manufacturers and distributors from
any liability arising from direct or indirect use of the firmware. Use
of the firmware is entirely at your own risk and liability. If you are
not prepared to accept this, you are not permitted to use the firmware.

This firmware is not designed for use in safety critical systems or
pollution controlled vehicles.

Support and product information can be found via http://www.msextra.com

This license gives the user the right to use this firmware indefinately
on MS2 based products purchased on or before 1st November 2015.
